0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis??
an invented long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do
getrusage() returns resource usage measures for its first argument. In this case, it returns the resource
usage statistics for the calling process. RUSAGE_SELF.

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage.
There are 16 fields/members in the variable of type struct rusage.


3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate,
   even though we’re not changing their contents?
   We pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to the  function "calculate" 
   because passing large structs by value is slow and takes up a lot of memory. Also, if we
   place the copied value on stack, there is a potential risk of stack overflow.
  
   
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading 
    words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s 
    for loop works.
    How does main() spell-check each word in the text. 
    1.It uses fgetc() to get each char in the text. If the char is alphabetic or apostrophe and 
    within the maximum length, then add this char to the variable word.
    2.If words is longer than the maximum string length, then skip over the remaining alphabetic
    strings and set index to 0 for new word.
    3.If c encounters a digital value, then skip over the remaining alphanumeric value and set index
    to 0 for new word
    4.if the c is not any alphabetic value or is not aspostrophe or digit, then we can safely say
    that we reach the end of the word and can add the terminator '\0' at the end of the variable
    word.
    5. Then we add up the counter by 1, check the word spelling and set index to 0 for next word.
    
    
    
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use 
    fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what 
    problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    fgetc will validate every character in our word, including if there is , or & or # etc.
    However,fscanf only care about space and enter return, which can not garantee that the 
    work being entered is valid, for example "na,me" should not be treated as a valid word.


6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
    const pointer means that the programmer can not change the value that the pointer points to. 
    for function like load and check, we as programmers are not expected to change the value in the
    file, or the array list. Therefore, it is better to use const pointer to prevent accidental change
    made to the word array or the file.


